first bus hey there welcome Perez calm
today I'm going to show you how to
properly remove your eye makeup there's
lots and lots of different ways but I'm
going to show you how I remove my makeup
it's a lot more I guess there's a lot
more process to this but in the long run
it's looking better for you because
there's less I movement less stretching
of the skin really instead till the eye
area so first thing is you're going to
need I think remover so I'm gonna be
using my feet take the day away I also
have this one right here which is oil
free and so I use that sometimes you can
see how much I've used but I like this
little matter because it does remove it
Glatt quick first thing is that
have some false lashes so I'm going to
remove though mine come right off I'm
gonna reuse these I'm just going to rub
off the glue so I'm not too worried
about it alright so the first thing is
you're going to take a cotton square and
you're going to dredge that in the
makeup remover you have to get the edges
just make sure that middle part is
stretched just like this then you're
going to fold it press it together and
you're going to place it right
underneath I area right at the lash
light and since it's damp it's going to
sit right there on your face then you're
going to take another one and you're
also going to get that way and it's
going to go on top of your lid so what
you're going to do is you're going to
kind of press this down on your lid to
get that makeup off
so what you're doing is you're getting
that I makeup remover to soak into and
break through right through that make up
and flip it over just clean it up but
I'm not dragging in any direction okay
the next thing is you're going to take a
q-tip a little eye makeup remover on
there hold that down and you're going to
close your lid and you're going to push
all the leftover mascara on to that
cotton score that you have below and you
can kind of go like this to you need to
that's typically where your mascara is
and you see that top part is almost
clean now this bottom part here is then
saturated with the makeup remover so
it's going to be really easy to remove
just take it flip it over and I like it
just kind of DAB it first
now you have long lashes you could
probably just put that right underneath
and do the same thing with this q-tip
make sure the q-tip is damp because if
it isn't then I need all those little
fibers all over the place we're gonna do
without a mirror so just gonna kinda
and take it after the water line that's
pretty much up to you how you take one
of these is how I do it it's just take a
little water make sure all the fibers
are flat barely take it and remove and
you're going to kind of do it a rolling
out motion and don't a triangle I should
give you a little cooling feeling but it
should be clean and then just take that
final swipe and that's it and then you
just rinse with your regular makeup
remover or your face wash anything like
that you get like the best method
there's so many different methods out
there so if you have another method that
you think is great and you want to share
please do a video response I'd love to
learn it so after I get all that I
makeup remover off I wash my face and I
use this right here you see use the
boscia one but it was really expensive
and last time what they ran out so I'm
trying this one out i really like it
it's very soothing it says it's her face
and I but it is really clean I make up
enough for me but it's good just kind of
like a touch-up I definitely need a good
actual I'm VIP remover and i really like
these presidential parabens you know
that grape seeds and things like that so
it's very natural get this up a back and
a sephora and then I wash it base with
my Clarisonic Mia
yeah even I wash with i scrub with that
with the Sun on my face and release that
and then I do my little facial massages
and all that stuff and if you don't know
what I'm talking about let me know in
the comments and i'll be happy to do a
video and then i use my recharge night
moisture love this stuff it all started
with that face wash then I started going
and buying our products and this is the
one I use at night and this one doesn't
have any ingredients on here but
preservative free and paraben free and
all that stuff and then during the day I
use the SPF 15 one and you get these all
at sephora if you know of another brand
that is quote unquote green and you know
uses natural products and no parabens
I'd love to know in the comments I think
it's so good for skin my skin has really
been so much better and then when I do
need to tell when I just use a little
bit of tomato juice tetona miss routine
is done and it's time for bed thanks
again we're done here is the deck on the